24 Aug 2026 (Done)
Purpose
    Create a fishing rod mechanic where the fishing bobber could thrown and
    float on the water. 

Specification
    A fishing bobber can be thrown using right click and it will have physics 
    applied to it. When thrown, it will go vertically upwards, then drawn down 
    by the gravity. It then checks if it collides with any nearby water areas
    and determines its ability to float or not. If it is in the water area, 
    it will become Buoyant and float on top of the water. Once it reaches to 
    the top, it will use 'wave_y()' function from 'Node' class. 

Implementation
    The fishing bobber `Bobber()` does not use 'wave_y()' function from 'Node'
    class when it reaches to the surface, however; the velocity of the bobber 
    works by using Water Boundary Checks and decides if the bobber should fall 
    down as in free fall or float up as in buoyancy depending on whether it is 
    inside water or not. 


30 Aug 2026 (Not Done)
Purpose
    Create a string and attach to the fishing bobber.

Specification
    When Bobber has been created, the string will also be created and it will 
    attach its end points to the mouse position and the Bobber's center position.
    The bobber might also be able to move towards the direction that it is being
    pulled.

Implementation
    Bobber may inherit 'Point' class for it to be able to move towards the 
    direction it is being pulled, or it may have its own function that allows the 
    bobber to move towards the direction it is being pulled. It will move when 
    the contraint has succeeded it's maximum thresold (original distance) from 
    the last point from the string and bobber. The 'Point' should drag the 
    'Bobber' object for it to move. 


1 Sep 2026 (Done)
Purpose
    Repeat the same purpose from Aug 30, with simpler approach. This implication
    may not have direction interaction with user control (mouse) yet.

Specification
    When the bobber has been created, it will start counting up the timer, which
    will be used to determined if it should create a new 'Point' until the bobber 
    is submerged into the water. Only, then those created points will be updated. 
    The first point should be pinned to make this purpose simple. 

Implementation
    When the bobber becomes active, in the event loop, it checks the point creation 
    event timer. The first point that has been created will be pinned so that 
    it won't affect with gravity. Points and new Constraint Lines will be created 
    until the bobber has been submerged 'has_touched_water == True'. Only then, 
    those points and line constraints will be updated. 


2 Sep 2026 (Done)
Purpose
    The purpose is to make the string nodes spawn at the starting position and 
    follow after the bobber, so that they look like they are being shoot out of 
    the origin rather than being spawned at the bobber's position. This creates 
    better visual and make the mechanic more logic. 

Specification
    When the bobber has been active, the cloth points will be created at the origin 
    where the bobber has been released, then the first point will be attached to the
    bobber. When attached, the last nodes will be followed after that previous nodes,
    since the first node is being dragged by the bobber, the chain is being pulled 
    towards the direction the bobber is going. 

Implementation
    Reversing the subscript or index of the dragging points for 'self.mpos' and 
    'self.bobber.get_pos()' makes the chain of nodes more logically appealing. 
    This changes also influences on the chain of node creation in the event checks.
    